Callan's Awakening:
At the start of the game, it will initiate the dialogue from Callan's "Intro_in_Inon" file. At the B1 line in "Intro_in_inon" dialogue file, The player will have to use the Up, Down, Left, 
and Right arrows before he can progress through the rest of the dialogue. I will add a concluding event piece into the dialogue labeled "Callan_Movement". So, Basically the player has to use
 all of the movement keys before moving on the the next dialogue script. After the player does all of the movement, dialogue should pick back up at A3. THE DOOR REMAINS LOCKED UNTIL END OF INTRO DIALOGUE.

Callan Reads the Note Left Behind:
The dialogue says that the player has to go over and use the "E" key to pick up the note. At B2, there is a concluding event called "Pick_Up_Note". I want it to be a break in dialogue until Callan picks
 up the note left behind by his father. Once he picks up the note, it will initiate the dialogue at A6 again. THE DOOR REMAINS LOCKED.

Reading the Note:
The narrator goes into describing how to read the note through the inventory pane. at A7 there is a concluding event that will give the player another break in dialogue so that he can go to the inventory/key 
items tab to read the note. When he closes the inventory screen dialogue should pick back up again at A8. Once the dialogue finishes, the room will be UNLOCKED, see concluding event "Main'sRoomUnlocked". 
What the note says,"Callan, your sister and I have gone out to run errands before the ceremony. I didn't want to wake you. When you're done sleeping the day away, come find us so we can get a move on."

At this point, the player can walk around and talk to all of the people of Inon. His father and sister will be up by the lake unbeknowest to the player. Here are the flags to be set so that secondary dialogues
 can be activated.

Cytheria:The dialogue starts at A1, but once the player finishes the first set of dialogue. It will always start from A5 then on out.
Delaria:The dialogue starts at A1, but once the player goes through the first bit of dialogue, it will always start at A7 from then on out.
Timothy:He will use the first set of dialogue starting at A1. Once the player has finished the ceremony, the next time they come back to talk to timothy, he will use the second set of dialogue starting at A3.
Briar:First dialogue can only be used if the player HAS NOT entered the guild hall yet, once he does and talks to Bartholomew, then it will start his second set of dialogue @ B0. After the player finishes the 
ceremony and goes to talk to Briar, his dialogue will start at C0.
Old Tuck:His dialogue will start A1, but once the player finishes the ceremony, Old Tuck's dialogue will start from A3 then on out.
Matthew:Matthew's dialogue starts at A1, but once the player finishes the ceremony he will start from A3 then on out.
Marcus:Nothing needs to be done here, just let the dialogue run on its own.
Bartholomew:Dialogue starts at A1, but after the player talks to him for the first time, his dialogue will always start at A4.

So by now, the player will have figured out that his father and sister are up by the lake. Once the player gets close enough to Mattach, it will initiate dialogue from "Mattach_InonDialogue".

After the dialogue A1-A16 has finished, the event "Boar_Tutorial" will activate. It should run the player on how to Attack, how to use items, and how to defend if that option is included. It 
can be a very brief tutorial, but it must encompass every basic thing that combat has to offer. In the beginning its simple. The player doesn't have many more uses than to attack or use an item. 
If the player tries to run, Their father should say that they cannot run from this. 

The boar will die inevitably, and once that is done, the father will start dialogue again from B1-B6. At the end of that dialogue, the event "BriolRetreivesTusks" will start. Briol's sprite should 
walk over to the boars dead body (There should be a sprite image of the boar being dead before disappearing during combat. You could use a static image of the boar before he disappears and put him 
on the map as a collidable object). Briol will walk over to the boar and "pick-up" the tusks that her and Callan get as trophies. She will walk back to Callan and give one to him which will then be
 in the player's inventory. The tusk can "magically" appear in Briol's inventory since the player doesn't actually see Briol get the tusks.

Once the Tusk event is over Mattach's dialogue will start from C1-C2. That will end the dialogue at the ceremony. Briol will join the players party. Before the player regains control, Mattach should
 walk off screen warp back to the living room of the main player.

After Mattach, walks off screen, Briol will initiate her dialogue,"Briol_InonDialogue". It tells the player that up north, there is a temple just beyond the forest that they should check out.

It is now up to the player to head to the forest or go talk to the citizens of Inon before going north.