Illuiyani:Elegantly dressed woman in a light blue dress with blond hair that has red roots.
Callan:Young male with brown ombred green unkempt hair wearing loose hunting gear that is blue and green. He wields a Bow.
Briol:Female twin to Callan with brown hair that has a green braid wearing homemade looking leather armor that is green and brown. She wields a naginata.
Mattach:Very large bear of a man who is the father to Callan and Briol. Large, wears no chest armor, but has gold armor on his arms and legs, short brown hair and Twin axes.
Teiriel:Mage-King who is older with greying red hair wearing regal arabic clothing
Bocaj:A creature that is a kagaroo with a rabbit head and a cat tail.
Patric:A rugged knight in full well-worn, battle scarred armor.
Azyre:An agile looking man with pale skin, long white hair and a long green jacket, wielding two large scythes.
Infyre:A brutish man with short jet-black hair wearing a black vest with flames on the bottom and black pants with flames around the ankles. He uses his fists to fight.
Galyre:A thin woman with flowing blue hair and light gypsy style clothing in shades of various blues. She wields a whip.
1) Illuiyani is walking down a hallway. We want some stills of her walking at different points down the hallway fading in and out while footfalls sound the entire time to give the illusion there is movement.
2) Illuiani knealing down before a giant statue of Azyre to pray.
3) A close up of Illuiyani's face saying "It's time."
4) A flashy graphic/effect of the game's name
5) A still of a battle between a boar monster and Callan and Briol while Mattach watches from behind, all with a forest background and a lake on the left side.
6) Illuiyani greeting the twins to the Temple of Azyre.
7) Callan and Teiriel shaking hands in mutual respect.
8) Briol charging up the side of a sand dune after just having deflected one of Callan's arrows while he has just let go of another that is in the process of being fired.
9) Callan riding on the back of a Bocaj across some plains.
10) Callan standing inside the Temple of Azyre in front of a crowd of people, giving a motivational speech with Illuiyani to his left and Patric.
11) A stand off just before a battle brgins between Azyre, Infyre, Galyre, and Callan, Briol, while the world falls apart behind them.